we are opposed around the world by a
monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that
relies primarily on covert means for
expanding its sphere of influence it is
a system which has conscripted vast
human and material resources into the
building of a tightly knit highly
efficient machine that combines military
diplomatic intelligence economic
scientific and political operations it's
preparations are concealed not published
it's mistakes are buried not headlined
it's dissenters are silenced not praised
mobilize stand together stand tall tell
government you're mad as hell no longer
cooperate with the government will not
accept a national ID card do everything
in your power to restore freedom and
your individuality back to America
stop being a country run by the
institutions for the institution's let's
go back to we the people by the people
for the people as opposed to we the
institution by institution for the
institution
stop being scared there to stand up and
do what's necessary to take back to stop
these bankers is elite this government
full of lies congressman full of wires
as Iraq Veterans Against the War we are
resisting an occupation we once risked
our lives for we swore to support and
defend the Constitution of the United
States of America but we found out the
hard way that the greatest enemies of
the Constitution are not to be found in
the sands of some far-off land but
rather right here hello
[Applause]
when injustice becomes law resistance
becomes duty it is time we start meeting
oppression with resistance
they cannot stop us humanity
marches on be like most manifestation of
love and devotion to America is today as
it always has been resistance of tyranny
[Applause]
we must and resist we will we will not
be silent we will not obey we will not
let our government destroy our humanity
we will not wait another moment and beer
to stand up for what we know to be right
it is time we start meeting oppression
with resistance
Northwoods explained that where the
breakfast this is 1962 the Joint Chiefs
of Staff signed a document that was
planning on having fake attacks on
American civilians and blaming it on the
Cubans to get us to go to war to those
they were gonna blow up a drone jetliner
they're gonna send a jet into the air
and blow it up
oh my blame the Cubans for it and get us
to go to war with Cuba the Machine
becomes so odious makes you're so sick
at home but you can't take part you
can't even passively take part and
you've got to put your bodies upon the
gears and upon the wheels upon the
levers by all the apparatus and you've
got to make it stuff and you've got to
indicate to the people who run it to the
people
Rodan but unless you're free
I served with tequila company 3rd
battalion 8th Marines as an automatic
machine gunner there's a term once a
marine always a marine but there's also
the term eat the apple F the core I
don't want to see you no more I took an
oath to defend the Constitution the
Constitution I think that you know to
defend these bankers and I guarantee you
all you devil dogs out there he's the
rise up and take over the country defend
the Constitution he gets big bones ok
I'm going to you know I'm sick of this
you know they're using us and they're
sucking us dry and they are destroying
[Music]
people should not be afraid of their
governments government should be afraid
of their people we must guard against
the acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex the
potential for the disastrous rise of
misplaced power exists and will persist
we must never let the weight of this
combination endanger our liberties or
democratic processes
[Music]